#Anya Narii

With bright eyes and blonde hair, Anya was a true elf-maiden. Born to poor farmers outside Greystone her early life was not easy. At the age of 12 both her parents had died and she was taken in by the Church-run orphanage in Greystone. Clever and always hungry for knowledge it did not take long until she was discovered by a mage at the church and was soon given a proper education in the elemental arts. Water magic came easy to her. With the recommendation of the mage that taught her, she had been accepted into the Water college on the island at Sapphire Bay at the age of 19. With everything she owned in a small backpack she secured transport across the Windy Sea with a cargo crew. 

Dressed in a robe that was way too warm for the hot climate in Sapphire Bay Anya disembarked and started the inclined trek to the college. She had spent the morning triple checking her admission papers. Always logical and analytic of any situation, she took note of the shops on the winding streets leading up to the college. Anya knew she would need to find some work if she were to have any spare money the coming years. The College itself was free of tuition but food and board was not included. She had about 5<> in her purse, a loan from her mentor in Greystone. While it was the most money she had ever owned, she knew it would only last a week or two.

As she turned a corner and spotted a herbalist's shop she pictured herself weighing herbs and making ointments. "Not for me" she thought and her gaze turned across the street to what appeared to be a jewelers shop. "That would be better", she thought and her hand automatically went to the amulet around her neck. It was very simple, just a piece of twine holding a small round piece of tin inscribed with 'Hali', a deity of water. But she had made it herself and while the materials were simple she had put a lot of effort into the process. If she had a few extra tags she would buy a new one with better affinities. She hesitated for a second but decided to go in to the jewelers shop - they weren't expecting her at the college anyway and it was still early.

"Hello", a mans voice said as she entered the shop. "How can I help you?". "Just looking", she responded with a smile and looked around. Display cases adorned the walls and the counter in the small shop. The man behind the counter was an older dwarf, dressed in green and brown with a ginger beard. "New to the college?" he asked. "How did you know?", Anya responded a bit too quickly. "Well, for one you are wearing Church robes. But that cut looks awfully warm a day like this.". It was true, she was sweating quite a bit under her robes. She smiled and said "I just got off the boat from Greystone". The dwarf behind the counter replied "Ah, Greystone. Never been myself. What will you study here?" She hesitated, "I'm not quite sure yet. I was thinking I might want to be a healer." The aspiration to become a healer was an old one for Anya. Both her parents had died of disease, and if she had known healing then they might still be there. The dwarf guffawed, "I wouldn't do aquamancy at least, no future in soothsaying from what I've heard." and let out a deep laugh. Anya smirked at his bad joke and said "First year is a basic course anyway, so there is still time to decide." The dwarf's eye went to her chest, where her pendant was resting above her robe. "Nice necklace. Hali's always a good deity to have on your side. Make it yourself?". Anya blushed a bit, she was not used to getting compliments. She said "Yes, but its not very nice, and it does not have any affinity." The dwarf said "I like it, mind if I take a closer look?". 

She unclasped her necklace beneath her hair, which she had kept in a simply ponytail to keep it out of her eyes while at sea. She handed the necklace across the counter and released her ponytail while the dwarf inspected it. "Well," he said after a while. "The inscription is too good for the material. I got some good ones if you are looking for an upgrade." Anya hesitated a bit. She could not deny she wanted a new necklace. Always being poor had made her long for the status symbols she had seen on other people. But her purse, while a whole lot fuller than it had usually been was needed for food and room over her head. Spending it all the very first day would not be a wise choice. "I'm sorry," she said, "but I dont think I can afford a new necklace right now." The dwarf handed her necklace back and said with a smile, "I understand. First time away from your parents and you don't wanna have to write home for more money the first week." She hesitated again, unsure what to say next. "I don't really have a home to write for more money even if I needed. I'm kinda on my own." The dwarf said "Oh I'm sorry, I didn't mean to...". Anya dismissed his apology with a smile, "Don't worry about it. You had no way of knowing." The dwarf returned her smile and changed the subject "I know you're not buying today, but can I show you something?" Anya nodded, curious about what he was about to show her. 

The dwarf walked over to a display case, procured a set of keys from his belt and unlocked an ornate glass display case. He took out a small amulet made of a silvery metal with a small bright  stone set amidst an inscription. The stone was bright green with blue speckles. It seemed to change colors as her angle changed. "Here, try this on," the dwarf said. Her slender hands trembled a little as she clasped it behind her slender neck. "Can you read the inscription?", the dwarf asked her. She held it up for a closer look and quickly nodded. She recognised the glyphs as ancient elvish, a language she had been taught the basics of. "It is a prayer to Hali, but I can't make out the end" she said. "May Hali always bring us back to shore" he said. She felt something she couldn't explain when he uttered the incantation. "It is beautiful," she said absently while she held it up to look at its intricate details. The amulet was shaped like a seashell with a the spherically cut stone set like a pearl in its middle. The inscription was engraved along the top. She wanted to ask how much it was but did not want to hear the answer. "Some day I am going to have a necklace like that", she said, as much to herself as to the dwarf standing next to her. The dwarf chuckled and said "You and your pendant made me think of this one. The stone is the exact color of your eyes." She looked over to a mirror nearby and realised the dwarf was right. She almost appeared as she had three eyes when the pendant laid on her chest.

"What kind of stone is that?" she asked. She had studied stones for their planar properties but had never seen anything like this. "It is an unusual gem called apexite. Mined far from here. That is probably why I haven't sold it yet, the people here are most interested in sapphires". She would have to research apexite later. Unclasping the necklace she said "It really is beautiful." The dwarf simply replied "Thank you". Anya remembered where she was headed and said "I should get going, I need to get to college admissions today." "Do you know the way?" the dwarf asked. "No," Anya answered honestly. She had only seen the college as she had sailed into the harbor as it was very hard to miss on top of the hill. "Keep going up until you reach the college gates, but dont enter. The admissions office is outside the gates to the left. Only members allowed inside and all that." She thanked the dwarf and turned to leave. "Oh by the way, my name is Jona. Don't hesitate to come back if you need anything," the dwarf said with a smile. "Nice to meet you Jona, I'm Anya," she said and returned his smile. She had liked Jona from beginning. "See you later then," she said as she stepped out into the hot mid-day sun. 

Feeling a bit hungry as she walked up the serpentine streets she checked her backpack and found an apple. As she came closer to the college she realised how big it must be, with several towers and buildings, all inside a great wall. She was unsure why the college needed a wall. She passed a Balance temple on her way up. She knew what the Balance was but being raised in a Church orphanage she did not pay it much attention. As she rounded the final corner she saw the gates where two burly looking battlemages guarded the entrance. Their uniform was black and blue, and thin rapiers hung by their sides. She looked to the left and spotted a small sign that said 'Admissions'. Thankful for Jona's directions she made her way over and entered.

A human girl who looked a couple of years older than her was sitting behind a desk when she entered. She made her way forward and the girl behind the counter looked at her with a surly face and said "Yes?". "I'm here for admission," she started. "Papers, please" said the girl quickly. Anya got the papers from her backpack and handed them over. "Hmm," the clerk said after inspecting the papers, "Anya Narii... everything looks in order. You are hereby assigned to master Farwick. He will be in charge of getting you up to speed." She paused for a bit and checked a very thick book with what looked like schedules. "He is currently teaching an alchemy class but should be free to see you in an hour. Go to hall 7, room 56." Anya did not know where that was but figured she had some time to find out. "One more thing," the admissions girl said. "You will need this," she handed over a leather strap with a small badge at the end. "This is used for identification," she said in response to Anya's puzzled look. "Without this you will not get past the guards. Keep this on you at all times when on campus. The badge identifies you as one of us." Putting the identication badge on her purse-string, Anya thanked her and asked for directions to hall 7, room 56. After getting directions that she did not quite understand, she thanked the girl and went outside.

"One of us" - the girls words still echoed in Anya's head. She had never felt like she belonged anywhere before but this just felt right. Approaching the gate, she saw people she assumed were other students enter by showing their leather strap to the guards. Theirs was more adorned with beads and other baubles. Anya approached the gate and showed the guard her strap. "Fresh meat," the guard said with a snarl but made no other comment. Anya did not mind, she had heard much worse on the streets of Greystone, and besides he was correct - here she was truly fresh meat.

Getting to hall 7, room 56 took her a bit longer than she thought as she got lost twice and had to ask for help from passing students. The corridors were markedly colder than outside, something she was thankful for. She peered through the window in the door and saw an old mage and a handful of students in a room filled with many strange apparatus she did not know the name or use of. She took a seat outside as she did not want to disturb the lesson. She fiddled with her necklace and thought back to the beautiful apexite stone that Jona had shown her.

After a little while the door flung open and the students came out. She gathered her courage and entered the alchemy room. The wizard was half-born elf and human and looked very old with a big grey beard. She cleared her throat and said "Excuse me." The wizard looked up from his papers and revealed a jovial looking face. "Yes?" the wizard said. "My name is Anya Narii and admissions said I was assigned to you." The wizards face flashed a smile and he exclaimed "Oh, how exciting! Welcome to the Water College!" Anya immedeately relaxed a bit and smiled back. "My name is master Pollin Farwick," said the wizard. "Please sit down," he added.

Anya put her backpack on the ground next to a chair opposite master Farwick. She produced another bunch of papers from her bag, this one a sealed letter from her previous tutor along with a sheet of what she had been taught so far. She handed them over, eager to learn what was in store for her. Master Farwick looked down, reached for a small knife to unseal the letter, and started reading.

"You did not start your education until you were orphaned?" he asked without taking his eyes of the letter. "Yes," Anya responded, unsure what the master made of this information. After finishing, he paused for a bit and said "Well you certainly have had an unusually late start to your education, but if your last tutor is correct you are more than up to speed." He opened a drawer in his desk and deposited the letters. "Lets talk a bit about what comes next. Do you have a place to live yet?" he asked of her. Anya quickly said "No, I came straight from the ship." "Okay, you will have to take care of that quickly," he said, "How is your financial situation?". Anya was not quite ready for the question but said "Not great. I think have enough for a couple of weeks atleast but I am going to find work in the city." Master Farwick frowned slightly and said "I hope you know what you are in for. College is not easy and having work too leaves little time for other things in life." It did not matter to Anya, she was going to work tirelessly for this. Opportunities like this did not come often to orphan girls. Most of the older girls she had known had ended up in pleasure houses. She had made a promise to herself not to go down that route. "I know it will be hard, but I don't have much choice, master." she responded resolutely. Master Farwick smiled at her and said with a smile "You seem to be made of sturdy stuff. I think you can do it".

The conversation turned to her further studies but when she indicated she might want to be a healer, the master had reminded her about the basic courses in the first year and not to pick a path before she knew what was available. She agreed with this advice. The rest of the meeting consisted of master Farwick asking her questions about subjects to gauge her knowledge level. This was exhausting as his questions would jump between subjects very quickly. Her schedule for the first month consisted of courses in Purifying, Alchemy, Planar Studies and Ancient Elvish. This left her some time for whatever work she could find. 

As she was walking out of the college the day had turned to afternoon and she realized she was very hungry, only having had an apple for lunch. Not a new feeling to an orphan from the streets of Greystone. No - she was not an orphan any more. She was an apprentice of the water college. The sun had become a little bit milder but her robes were still quite hot. She passed a store she hadn't noticed on the way up, a small tailors shop. She was feeling quite tired but longed for something more comfortable to wear. Inside the store it smelt of newly dyed fabrics, and rolls of cloth lined the walls. She was greeted by the attendant and gave a smile back. She found a light cornflower blue silk robe with just the right amounts of pockets, and even though it was quite expensive than she had hoped she bought it and quickly changed into her new garment behind a divider in the shop. They felt much better than her old worn robes, which she stuffed into her backpack. Feeling refreshed, she slowly walked down the hill until she came to Jona's shop.

As she entered the jewelers shop she gave the dwarf a big smile, which he instantly returned and greeted her. They chatted about her day and the college for a while. When Anya mentioned she would need work to support her through college Jona made an expression Anya couldn't read. "Are you hungry?", he asked her. "I was just about to close up here and head home to my wife, you are welcome to join us for dinner." Anya immeadiately accepted his generous offer, she was aching for both food and company. Thankful for her earlier decision to go into his shop, she browsed the display cabinets for a while. After quickly looking over some rings with Balance symbols, she found a collection of amulets in a multitude of styles with inscriptions to various planar deities. Although none impressed her like the one he had shown her earlier, she was very fascinated with his level of craftsmanship.

Walking together to Jona's home took only a couple of minutes. Upon arrival, Anya was introduced to Sigyn, Jona's wife. Sigyn was a dwarf like her husband, with shoulder length brown hair and a friendly face. She liked her right away, much like she had with Jona. The house was not big, but cozy and welcoming. She helped with preparing a simple yet hearty meal. A small stain on her new robes was quickly fixed by a small purifying spell. Not its intended purpose from when she learned it from a book in Greystone, but adapting was a core part of magic mastery. 

After dinner, Jona asked her about work. "Anya, do you have an idea of what kind of work you want?" he said. She paused for a while. "I saw the herbalist shop opposite yours. I don't want to work there," she said with a smile. Jona smiled back. With a more serious face he said "Well, I saw your pendant before and you truly do have some skill with an engraver. Why dont you work in my shop? I cant pay much, but there is a small room in the back where you could sleep." Anya was beside herself with joy at the offer, it was more than she had dared to hope for. "That sounds wonderful," she said. They talked for a while about her duties, she would help producing simpler jewelry to sell, and she would man the front desk so Jona could work in the back.

They walked back to the shop to get her set up in the back room. It was small and windowless and the mattress had seen better days but none of that mattered to Anya. She set her backpack down on a chair and gave Jona a big hug, at which he blushed a bit. She had been very anxious about how she would support herself. The sailors on the ship over had tried to scare her with stories of girls becoming courtesans to put themselves through college, and some had even tried to proposition her. That had all stopped after she showed them a flash of magic - sailors respected aquamancers very highly and to their uneducated minds she was basically the arch-mage. Afterward, she had told them tales of Hali, a deity all sailors would do well to keep in mind.

She slept very well that night. Awakening feeling refreshed she checked out her room more extensively it appeared it was some sort of storage, a cabinet held ingots of metals, both known and unknown to her, and tools adorned the walls. It was just after dawn and she wandered around the shop in the new light. A mirror hung next to a cabinet and she looked at herself. Bright hair surrounded her symmetrical face. Back at the orphanage she had been the only elf her age. She knew she was considered beautiful but had never really thought of herself like that. But in the dawn light she could see what other people saw in her. She took a step back and looked at her robed body in the mirror. Fully figured breasts gave way to a thin waist and slender hips. She had never been intimate with anyone - not for a lack of trying from the boys in the orphanage. In her mind they were all stupid and uninteresting. She had focused on their studies while they had few interests other than girls and playing kickball.

Thinking of the necklace Jona had shown here yesterday she looked for it in the cabinet he had taken it from, but did not see it. Walking into the shop behind the counter, where even more tools hung from the walls. On a desk was what appeared to be a business ledger. She saw an engraving station with some fine chisels and a ring in a vise. Taking a closer look at the ring a pattern was engraved all the way around the outside, a vine with leaves and flowers. Jona was truly a master of his craft. She hoped she would not dissappoint him. Maybe she should practice? She loosened the vise carefully and put the ring to the side, and quickly found a small scrap piece of metal. Fastening it into the vise she grabbed a small chisel and hammer and started knacking away, A-N-Y-A. Under it she wrote H-A-L-I. What had started off quite bad and square came back to her quickly. Runescribing was an important part of some spells and her teachers in Greystone had lent her a small chisel, but she was severely out of practice, but delighted in the opportunity to do it out again. She had barely put the chisel to the workpiece again before she heard a key in the shop door. She went out to greet Jona. He was happy to see her and asked how she had slept. She admitted she had slept well but not long. 

Walking back to the workshop he noticed her engraving. "Oh you found the engraving tools?" he exclaimed. "Hmm, not bad. This letter is off but im sure you knew that." She did know that. "Show me," he motioned to the seat in front of the vise. She sat down, a bit more nervous this time. Focusing intently this time, she started her delicate hammering. Almost right away Jona stopped her. "Hold it like this instead," he said as he reached down and corrected her grip on the chisel. He gave her several more tips as the glyphs took shape. After a while the inscription was finished, much nicer looking than the earlier practice she had done. "Good choice of material by the way," he said while inspecting her finished work. "Harder metal makes better practice," he continued. He motioned for her to get up from her seat and they switched places. She watched in awe as he fastened the vine ring in the vise again and within seconds he had made a new leaf, perfectly textured like the others on the vine. "Wow," she uttered in admiration. Jona smiled at her and said "Soon you will be doing that too."

The sound of a door opening put an end to the engraving session. They walked out in the main room and greeted the first customer of the day, and middle-aged elf lady whose earrings needed mending. A stone had been unseated. Anya stood to the side as Jona wrote down the details in a ledger. She had never liked having earrings. She had pierced her ears mostly out of peer pressure. Back at the orphanage, the girls had resented her for her looks and brains. As the lady left, her earrings were put in a small numbered envelope which was catalogued in a cabinet in the workshop. Jona explained his system of keeping track of everything. Anya listened intently, not wanting to be the reason something got lost. Anya realized she had not had any breakfast, but decided to tough it out. Back in the workshop, she was given some metal blanks to practice on while Jona took out an envelope from the cabinet and started mending a broken necklace clasp. H-A-L-I she wrote on a blank. Having underestimated the space she should put something else there, she attempted a decorative wave pattern around the text. It did not turn out great. On the next blank she sketched her own name in ancient elvish with chalk, and it turned out much better. She attempted the vine she had seen Jona do earlier around it, and to her mild surprise it turned out decent.

Engraving practice continued, with regular breaks for customers, until lunch. Jona had let her take down the last customers request without interfering, and she had done well. Lunch consisted of a quick meal at a small tavern down the street. Jona had greeted the barman as he entered and two simple meals had been quickly borne out of the nicely smelling kitchen. Back in the shop she looked at a watch on the wall and realized she was almost late for her very first lesson, a two-hour lecture on purifying. "Come back here afterwards, won't you?" said Jona as she set off at a brisk pace towards the towering walls of the college, her backpack in hand. She checked her written schedule and after asking the guard where she was supposed to go she found a small but cozy lecture hall. She entered and took a seat. 

Within a minute, master Farwick appeared and stood behind a lectern. The lecture itself was not that interesting, she knew most of it already. She was more interested in the other students. They were eight students total in the class. All of them were dressed in blue robes of varying cut and shade. In the back, a boy and an elf girl who were obviously a couple, barely containing their desires in the classroom. One half-born dwarf-human plump boy with freckles who looked a bit older than her, writing notes continously. Two dwarf girls, both with red plaided hair, who appeared to be close friends, leaning over to whisper often. Of the other two, one was a pretty human girl with jet black hair, and an elven boy whose hair was almost as bright as hers and high cheekbones. The elven boy caught her interest right away. She continued to listen to the lecture, but regularly glanced over at the other students. The elven boy caught her eyes once, and she quickly looked away, blushing slightly.

Half-way through the lecture there was a small pause. Master Farwick took a step down from the lectern and gestured towards Anya with a smile. "By the way, we have a new student. Everyone, meet Anya" he said as the other students looked and some gave her a small wave. The dwarven girls came over first and introduced themselves as sisters. The couple in the back had taken the opportunity to still atleast parts of their desire by kissing intently. Second to come forward was the handsome elf-boy. Darius was his name. She asked him where he was from but she did not recognise the answer. She wasn't sure he knew what Greystone was either when she was asked the same question. They discussed the lecture for a few minutes before master Farwick knocked on his lectern, motioning for silence again.

After the lecture Darius approached her again and introduced him to the elven girl, Ria. Ria had a big necklace and elaborate earrings. Her robe was exquisite too, surely more expensive than Anya could imagine. She thought of her own necklace and was glad it was hanging inside her robe, not wanting to know what she would think of such a simple trinket. To her surprise, Darius and Ria invited her to join them for a study session later that night, which she gladly accepted, eager to make new friends. Making her way back to Jona's shop she stopped to buy some fresh berries. As she paid, she noted her purse was becoming precariously light after spending so much on a new robe, with only one whole tag left and some smaller bits. She was going to have to be a bit frugal not to run out until Jona paid her salary.

Back at the shop Jona had had a busy afternoon and had just received a shipment of metals and gems, which he instructed Anya to put away the metals and them add to the inventory ledger. This was quite heavy work for Anya, who was not very physically strong. Fortunately, being a shop owned by a dwarf the shelves were not too high. She watched him grade the gems, mostly amber and some amethysts. She knew saw a few other stones she did not recognise. She had worked up quite a sweat lifting the heavy sheets of metal. Jona asked her for about evening plans, no doubt ready to invite her to dinner again, but she politely declined. She was a bit nervous about meeting Darius and Ria. 

Since she was determined to make a good impression, Anya excused herself to her room where she quickly undressed fully and adopted a focus stance on the floor as she cleansed her body with a water spell. This type of magic was not quite what her teachers would approve of, they would say it stretched the axis a bit too far for someone of her skill. Nevertheless, she sat and concentrated tightly as fine drops of water coalesced on her pale naked skin and dripped down her body into a pool on the floor. As she stood up she dried both herself and the floor with a single swipe of her mind. The drying incantation was one of the first spells she learned, and she was becoming quite adept with it. After putting on her robes she even put her hair in a braid, something she rarely took the time to do. 

"Going somewhere fancy?" Jona exclaimed when she came back into the main room. He had closed the shop and was by the looks of things ready to head home. "Just meeting some new classmates for studying," she responded with a little smile. "I see. Any boys among those new classmates?" he piqued with a inquisitive face. Anya blushed slightly. "Well, only one in this study group," she said. Jona tilted his head and gave another little smile. "Are you not wearing your necklace?" he asked. A jeweler by trade, he was quick to notice what people wore. "Inside my robe," Anya said and motioned to her neck. She hesitated a bit before continuing "This other girl has much nicer jewelry and I'm not sure...". Jona smiled again and said "Well girl, have you forgotten what I make? Look around and pick something nice, you can borrow it for tonight." Her mind went to the apexite pendant he had shown her earlier that day. "Hmm... I really liked the necklace with the green and blue stone you showed me before. I would very much like to borrow that one." He smiled and motioned for her to follow and they went into the workshop. After looking in a dew drawers he found the seashell-shaped pendant. The gem glittered brightly in the evening sun. "Turn around," he said and held out his hands with the necklace. She did as he asked and he clasped the thin chain behind her neck, and unclasped her older pendant. "I will put this right here for you," he said and put the simple pendant on his desk. "Oh, I almost forgot", he continued, "Here is a key so you can come and go when you want." He gave her a small key which she promptly threaded onto her purse-string.

With the borrowed necklace shining between her breasts she confidently made her way up to the inn where she was to meet Darius and Ria. The inn was cozy, but dusty. A barman was serving patrons at a counter as she entered. She quickly spotted Darius sitting by himself at a corner table. She smiled as he noticed her. They exchanged greetings and she sat down. She looked around the room and felt Darius' eyes linger on her chest for a moment more than would be considered gentlemanly. For once she liked the attention. He offered to buy the first round. Darius made his way over to the bar. He was still wearing his blue robe. She caught herself wondering what he looked like under the robe and quickly laughed it off. He came back with two drinks consisting of a to her unknown sour fruit crushed with rum. Having only tried alcohol a couple of times before - always something stolen passed around in the orphanage - this was easily her favorite kind so far. She asked about Ria and Darius said something about her always being late. As she started to become tipsy, Anya wondered to herself how much actual studying was going to happen tonight. After another drink and almost an hour after they said they would meet Ria came. She bought a round and joined them at the table. Dressed in light tan dress with a complicated woven pattern and with the same jewelry from earlier. She was curious and asked many questions about Anya. She told them about the orphanage and her early training. They were very surprised at the revelation that she was an orphan. 

She managed to gather that Ria was the daughter of highborne parents in Arienne, not far from Greystone. They had hired a mage to tutor Ria in the elemental arts since she was seven. Darius' mother had been a sister of the Woodlanders, the secretive bow-wielding wardens of the forest. He did not know his father. He was taught planar knowledge by the woodlanders, and had been here eight months. Anya asked why they chose the water college. Ria's answer was that she, much like Anya, simply excelled at water magic compared to other kinds. Darius said that he actually was better with natural magic, but only the water college had accepted him since he had a very non-standard schooling. Anya didn't know if it was the rum-heavy drinks or something else but she found Darius' tales very engaging. After a trip to the restroom she came back and found her drinking companions engaged in a discussion about the Balance. A subject she knew little about she leaned back and listened for a while. 

Noticing her disinterest, they switched the subject back to school. Anya was very impressed when Ria told her about her schedule. Several classes that were not usually taken by first-years. Ria had been here almost a whole year, excelling in alchemy. Darius called her a teacher's pet at which Ria smiled. Ria's eyes landed on Anya's pendant. "I really like your necklace," she said, "what stone is that?" Anya, feeling pleased with her choice earlier, held it up for them to inspect closer and answered "Apexite". "Beautiful," Ria marveled, "Where did you get it?" Anya hesitated again but decided told them about her first day in Emerald Bay and how she managed to find work right away. Ria exclaimed "Oh I know that shop!" Anya gave a smile and said "I like it very much so far."

As the evening grew later and the drinks started piling up Anya thought about heading home. She had no classes the day after but would have work to do in the shop. She longed for her bed, tired from her cleansing spell earlier. She was preempted by Ria though, who was the first to excuse herself, talking about having school the next day. As she left and it was only Anya and Darius left, Anya inched her chair over slightly. Opening up to Darius, she asked what is it like where the Woodlanders live. Anya had never left Greystone before she came here. He seemed to relish the question and told her of wondrous locations far away. He said it would take three weeks to travel there. Anya thought back to her four-day sea journey that had felt like it went on forever. In the light from the hearth, Darius' cheekbones cast shadows across his slender face. She liked that face, she thought. They talked for a while longer, comparing their homes and education. 

As she and Darius made their way down the closed high street towards the jeweler where she lived, they joked and laughed. They only passed a pair of city guardsmen, who paid them no mind. After arriving at Jona's, they talked for another minute or two, taking cover from the chilly winds by huddling quite close in the doorway. He was taller than her, and she liked that. He gave her a hug goodbye and she pressed herself close to him. He had an earthy smell. Anya liked that too. She got inside and locked the door. She was unsure about the feelings she felt. She definitly liked Darius. But did he like her too or was he just being friendly when he was actually more interested in Ria? She had seen them talking, they looked very close. 

Thoughts swirling, she went in her room and let her robe fall to her feet. Lighting a candle with a snap of her fingers, she looked at herself in the small mirror as she removed her underwear. She was completely naked except for the apexite necklace. Her firm breasts heaved slightly with each breath as she released her hair from its braid. She took her breasts in her hands. It felt good when her fingers touched her pink nipples. Looking down, a wisp of blonde hair adorned her womanhood. Laying down on her bed, Anya felt herself with her hand. Soaking wet. She twirled her fingers. A shudder went through her body. It was not long before she had her moment of bliss. Laying naked in bed enjoying the aftermath she thought of Darius.

She woke up early the next morning with a headache. Thinking back to all the drinks the previous night a frown went across her face. Thinking of Darius made her smile instead. She had slept naked, something she had never been able to do at the orphanage. Anya put on her robes and went out into the main room just as Jona came in from the street. He greeted her and asked about her night. When she told him about the drinks he laughed and said he had had his experiences with those as well. She went out and got some breakfast from a stall down the street. She had less than a tag left in her purse now. Her hangover was quickly lessened by the light meal and plenty of water as she started the days work.

The day went quickly by, consisting mostly of engraving training and talking to customers. She sold a quite expensive pair of earrings to a lady in the afternoon, and while she was sure Jona thought she had been a bit too soft in the haggling he was still pleased. When she got back to the shop after having a lovely dinner at Jona's house again she fell asleep almost instantly and woke up the next day feeling well rested. She had an early lecture, her first in ancient elvish. She walked up to the college and found the correct lecture hall, only getting lost once this time. This subject proved a lot harder than Purification had been to her, and she realised she would have to study quite a bit as she watched the teacher draw runes. None of her classmates from earlier were in this class, and she was a bit too tired to make new friends. Afterwards she decided to explore the college until her next class. After walking around for a bit the structure became clearer to her. 

Walking around the massive library she arrived at a section for gems and metals. She pulled down a massive encyclopedia of gemstones. She opened a page at random and read for a bit. A thought hit her and she looked up apexite in the index. Strangely, it was not in the index. She put the hefty volume back on its shelf and looked in another one, almost as thick as the first one. Opening the index she found a single reference to it. It was a single line. "Apexite: uncommon form of opal, this bright stone varies in color from green to blue. Provides an extreme water affinity." She thought of Jona and was both incredibly thankful and curious as to why he would have let someone he had only just met wear what was sure to be a very expensive piece. She took out the amulet from under her robes and stared at it for a while. It almost seemed to stare back at her.

This kept her busy until her next Purification class. She spotted Darius and Ria instantly when she walked in and they shared a smile. "How was your hangover?" he asked cheekily. "Barely felt it. I'm guessing you were knocked out all day," she quipped back. They all laughed. The lecture was more interesting than the last, as they paired up and practiced spells. She and Darius sat at a small table with some reagents for the spells. Ria had looked a bit surly when she was paired up with the half-born boy who would not stop taking notes of everything the teacher said. 

Barely caring about the spellwork, Anya was excited to be close to Darius again. She felt a longing for him she had never felt before. She forced her mind to focus on the magic after almost screwing up what should have been an easy purification ritual. They continued to talk while practicing spells. She was given an opportunity to show her skill at the drying incantation. Determined to show her skills, she dried an entire bottle of water almost instantly. Master Farwick complimented her in front of the entire class, but told her afterwards that she should be vary of doing something that big again, or risk instability. She was unsure what that was, but didnt really care because Darius looked at her with admiration in his eyes.

She did not come back to the room until Jona had already closed the shop, so she unlocked the door and let herself in. She spent the evening practicing her ancient elven script. As she lay in bed that night her thoughts again turned to Darius. She wondered if he thought of her in that same moment.

As time passed, Anya became more and more at home in her duties in the jewelers shop. It did not take long before Jona let her handle customers unsupervised, and with his guiding hand her engraving work quickly became much better than it had ever been. The first time she sold a piece she had engraved herself, a ring with the name of a woodland deity snaking around the band, Jona had beamed with pride. Her purse was no longer as empty as it had been, and she had treated herself to a nice writing kit and a dress, short and quite revealing in white with blue details. Her college work was also progressing nicely, her engraving practice made the runework in Ancient Elvish much easier. While she struggled a bit with Planar Studies, an abstract course that in Anyas mind rarely made sense, her performance in Purification made her more confident. Alchemy, while not as bad as Planar Studies still gave her some trouble. Anya was becoming close friends with Ria and Darius, and the three could be seen spending a lot of time together. She still thought of Darius most nights as she fell asleep but had not acted on her feelings. Anya suspected Ria knew how she felt, but Ria had not said anything.
