#Outline
life at home -> goes to join the Woodlanders -> trials -> Initiation

#Diana
For as long as she could remember, Diana had been good with the bow. She had barely able to walk when her skill had manifested. With the support of her parents, her skill had developed into a real gift by her fifteenth birthday. Her father was human and her mother was elven. Together they ran a cloth and dye shop in Lindon. Business had been good and Diana had wanted for nothing during her upbringing.

Diana was standing in the back yard as usual. Thirty paces away from her, fastened to a bale of hay was a small archery target, its smallest circle about two inches across. Her black hair was tied behind her head, she didn't want it in her eyes during practice. Diana drew her bow and released an arrow. Bullseye. She was deceptively strong for her slender body. Smiling to herself, she loosed another within seconds. It impacted an inch below the first arrow. Three more followed in rapid succession, all of them finding their target. She jogged up to the target to retrieve her arrows. A two-inch group was not a bad start to her daily training session. 

Two hours later she unstrung her bow and inspected all her arrows. Proper care of the equipment was vital. The glue holding a fletching feather had come loose on one of her arrows. Diana went inside and fetched some hide glue and reattached the bright red feather. "Damn," she swore as she realized some glue had spilled on her black tunic. She drew the dagger from her belt and started scraping at the almost dried glue to little effect.

"Mother, can you give me a hand?" she asked, walking into the shop front adjoining their house. The room was filled with fabrics of all colors. Yela, her mother was standing behind the counter, having just closed the shop for the day. "What do you need, sweet thing?" her mother said. "I was fixing a fletching and got glue on my tunic," Diana explained. "Take it off, I'll bring something to dissolve it," Yela said, inspecting the stain. Diana complied, pulling her tunic over her head. Under her tunic she wore a red undershirt with long sleeves. A leather belt held up a black pair of trousers. Being the daughter of cloth merchants meant she had always worn strong colors. 

Yela returned with a brown glass bottle. As she unstoppered it, a strong odor hit Diana's nostrils and she gave a cough. Her mother knew her solvents well, and the stain quickly disappeared. Pulling her tunic back on Diana gave her mother a hug. "Wait here, I think your father has a gift for you," Yela said with a smile. Diana became excited. She had asked her father for a new quiver for ages. She had grown almost a foot in two years and her new longer arrows kept falling out of her quiver if wasn't careful. 

Her father, a tall man named Lucius, entered the shop. Diana greeted him excitedly. Behind her father, another man followed. Her father introduced the man as Lars, a hunter from a nearby village. Lars was almost forty with a rugged look to his face. He was about to go out on a hunting trip, Lucius explained, and Diana was to go with him, learning to live of the land and tracking animals. Diana became very excited, thanking her parents intensely. 

She and Lars talked for a while about what she needed to bring. He would pick her up at dawn the next morning. Diana could barely sleep that night. She had always wanted to learn how to survive in nature. She thought of the stories of the Woodlanders, the sisters who protected the woodlands. They were the best archers in the world. She wanted to become one of them, a dream her parents did not like. They did not like the thought of her so far away doing dangerous things, as no parent would. 

Just as the sun rose above the horizon, Lars came by in a horse cart. Diana was dressed for walking, black leggings and shirt with a dark green skirt and tunic. She put her bow and quiver and a small pack in the back of the cart and sat up beside Lars. He explained the plan. They would take the cart to his village, and from there they would go on foot. He had planned to stay out a full week. Diana felt excited as they left the town.

By nightfall that day she and Lars were deep in the wild woods. Lars had begun the lessons almost immediately, teaching her how to navigate by the sun in case she got lost. She did not intend to get lost, but did her best to remember what he taught her. Lars had showed her some plants she could eat if she got hungry and some that were poisonous. Diana thought they all looked the same. 

As the evening approached, they made camp. They shared a light dinner of bread and sausage. "How long have you been training with the bow?" Lars asked. "I got my first bow when I was five," she explained. Seeing his impressed reaction she continued, "I've trained for hours every day since I was ten." Lars laughed and said "Well then - show me!". Diana smiled to herself and picked up her bow. Lars grabbed a small axe from his pack and marked a tree with a crude target. Diana ran back, about twenty paces from the tree. She drew an arrow and had barely aimed it when Lars exclaimed "Woah, let me get out the way first". Lars was a couple feet to the side of the target. She never missed that much. She scoffed and loosed her arrow. Her arrow hit dead center on the target. She looked at Lars and smiled. He gave a small smile and grabbed his own bow, scurried over to where she was standing. Wordlessly, he drew an arrow and aimed for a second before loosing it, hitting within an inch of Diana's arrow.

The competition was on. Diana was in her element, hitting almost every arrow. Lars was a very good shot too, keeping up with her as they increased the distance. They kept shooting until the darkness was almost total. "You are a really good shot," Lars said as they collected their arrows for the final time. "In a couple years time you will be even better than me," he continued. He had won the impromptu contest, but only by the skin of his teeth. As they had backed out to almost 70 paces, his heavier bow was much easier to shoot straight. Diana had asked to try it, but could barely draw it fully, much less aim it. As soon as her head hit the bedroll, Diana fell asleep.

On the second day they downed their first prey, a rabbit running across a field. Diana had barely missed but Lars' arrow had found its mark moments after. He showed her how to dress the rabbit. Diana did not like that part, but knew it was necessary. As the week continued they gained a mutual respect for each other. Diana was impressed with Lars' knowledge of the wilds, Lars with her desire to learn and her archery skill.

Coming back to Lars' cottage after the full week was bittersweet for Diana. She longed for a bath and her own bed, but wanted to learn more about the wilds. Lars had been very satisfied with the results of their hunt. They had brought back a dozen rabbits, five squirrel and a deer. She had shot the deer from almost 80 paces, straight through the heart when it was grazing. Lars was still going on about that shot, days later.

During the evenings, Lars had told her stories of what was in the deeper parts of the woods. Diana didn't believe half of them, but was still intrigued. She had asked him about the Woodlanders, and he told her he had met a Sister once. It had been years ago, far up north. He had been stalking a moose on a heath when an elf had appeared, seemingly out of nowhere. She told him she and her sisters had already killed the moose he was tracking. They had made camp that night and got to talking. As he woke up that morning the elf was gone without a trace.

Diana continued her training, both with the bow and in the wild. She had told her parents of her intention to find the Woodlanders and become a Sister. They had realized it would be pointless to try and stop her. On her sixteenth birthday her parents gave her a new bow, much stronger than her previous one. She had become much stronger since she started hunting the surrounding forests, carrying home her quarry. With her new bow she had trained even harder. She could reliably hit a half-foot target at a hundred paces now.

Her archery prowess earned her a reputation in the town. The guard captain himself had offered to pay her to train his men. Diana had done so, earning quite a few tags. The guards were almost all lousy shots, but under her watchful eye some of them became atleast decent. Her parents had probably hoped she would stay and train guards forever, but she longed for the woods.

On her seventeenth birthday she said goodbye to her parents and friends and started riding towards Greystone, the biggest city for miles. She was dressed in black and red, her bow on her back, her quiver on her thigh. 




