#Sophia Telantes

Sophia raised her shield in a desperate attempt to avoid the incoming attack. Every fiber of her being braced for the incoming hit. With massive force, the creature swiped down on her. She staggered back and as she regained her footing she heard a familiar voice call out, "You all right?". The voice brought her strength. It belonged to her husband Joshua. She gave a battle cry back. Gripping her longsword tighter she stepped forward until she was next to Joshua. When she was hit, he had not hesitated to leap between her and danger. Barely seeing in the darkness she looked around for whatever had attacked her. "Where did it go?" she whispered as they circled back to back with shields raised. The dark forest gave away nothing. "I don't see it either," Joshua whispered back. "What was it?" Sophia inquired. "A bear? I did not get a close look," came the reply. She had faced bears before but none as strong as whatever this was. 

They had just dismounted after a long days ride and had started to make camp for the night when the attack came. Had the beast waited another minute she might not have had her shield... She forced herself to focus on the present again. Staring into the darkness, she readied herself for another attack. "Lets get out of here," Joshua whispered. She was not about to disagree. As one, they silently moved towards their horses, still watching the shadows. She mounted Resolve, her black stallion. As soon as Joshua had mounted Faith, a chestnut mare, both of them ushered their horses almost in unison. They galloped off along the path they had come.

After having ridden as hard as the darkness permitted for a couple minutes, they slowed down slightly. "I don't think it was a bear," she shouted over the sound of hooves. "I agree. Did it hurt you?" he responded. Always making sure she was okay, usually before checking himself. "I'm fine, it just threw me to the ground," she said. The attack had lasted only seconds but the adrenaline made it feel like much longer. Both the riders and horses were tired after a long day. Unsure how far the creature would chase them, they rode on. They had passed an abandoned farm earlier, and they both knew without speaking that was where they were going.

Arriving at the farm, they did not want to part from their horses, should the beast come back. Resolve and Faith had been with them since the very start and were as much a part of the team as themselves. Sophia did not mind sleeping in the stable. Bad luck to sleep uninvited in a house anyway, and no owners were around to invite them in. After dismounting, Joshua started getting a fire going right away. She took a quick look around the small stable. She did not want to be caught out again. "This is good," she said to Joshua, hunched over a small pile of sticks and leaves on the ground outside the stable. "We have a clear line of sight atleast twenty paces around us, and the ground here is flat and hard," she continued. "I don't expect it to come back tonight," he responded. 

Sophia went inside the stable with the horses, putting them in the biggest stall. She unhooked her shield from her back and leaned it against the wall. Despite the darkness, the black saltire adorning her shield was clearly visible against the white field. She realised her pack with her bedroll and their food had been left behind. Faith still had Joshua's supplies in her saddlebag though. She rifled through one of them and found a skin of water. She took a big swig and went out to give the rest to Joshua.

Joshua was sitting on a log by the stable doors. His winged helmet on the ground next to him. The light from the flames played across his rugged face and his bald head shone. Three days since they had a full days rest, he was getting a bit of stubble on his cheeks. Sophia removed her own helmet, revealing her auburn hair. She walked over and leaned in for a kiss. He smiled as she leaned back. "We will have to go back in the morning," she said, "we left my saddlebag behind and that was most of our food." She handed the water skin over and Joshua gave a bitter smile. "I suspected as much," he said and drank from the skin. They sat in silence for a while, studying the darkness.

They were Justicars, sworn to uphold the Balance. Heavily armored in white and black, winged helmets on their head, these mounted knights were the armed wing of their faith, their highest duty to expunge corruption and instability wherever it surfaced. Justicars always rode in pairs, a married man and woman. Together they dedicated themselves to uphold their sacred tenets. The Justicar's kept an outpost staffed in every major city, providing roaming couples with support in their duties.

Their faith, the Balance, was a complex faith, revering the cycles of the world, its symmetries and opposites. Sometimes closer to philosophy than religion, followers did not worship any deities, although the Sun plays a large part in Balance mythology, always rising again and beginning the daily cycle anew.

Sophia and Joshua had grown up together, both children of farmers in the same rural village. When they were both fourteen years old, their parents had sent the young lovers to be initiated as priests, as was common with young couples. They had fallen in love during their training and were married during their ordaining ceremony. Keeping with Balance tenets, priests could only marry other priests. They had been assigned to a temple in a small town far from here where they had led feasts and rituals for a couple years before they had heeded the call to arms. Despite always being strong from working on farms, Justicar training had been the hardest thing they had ever done. Training from dawn to dusk with weapons, horses and furthering their studies of the Balance. Together they had persevered and came out of it stronger in arms and deeper in love. 

They had ridden around the countryside for the last five years, delivering judgment to whomever deserved it. The Justicar's vows were for twelve years, after which couples were no longer given combat duties except in special circumstances, instead training and mentoring younger pairs. Couples who proved themselves as able commanders could rise to become Masters and even Grandmasters. Settled down at one of the Justicar Temples afforded commanders the time to start a family. Sophia had often dreamed of children, but knew that many battles lay between them and that future.

Two years ago they had been part of largest Justicar force that had assembled in generations, when they along with 99 other pairs stormed the village lair of an Axomancer cult near Carnon. They had lost only 5 brethren that night, but killed nearly 250 of the vile cultists. They had taken them completely by surprise during one of their despicable rituals. The cultists had been trying to summon a pure aspect of earth. Had they succeeded there is no telling what destruction and instability would have been unleashed. She remembered the pride she had felt, riding knee to knee with her brothers and sisters in arms as they advanced, a huge wave of black and white. In her mind, Sophia could still hear the Grandmasters sounding the charge. 

A twig snapping brought her back to the present. On their feet with hands on their swords in an instant. She and Joshua stared into the darkness. Nothing stirred. Probably a rabbit or another critter. After a little while they stood down. Having known each other for so long, and after years of training together they moved as a single unit, rarely needing to speak to know what the other was thinking or doing. This was the strength of the Justicars - never alone, always there for each other. The bond they shared was hard to explain to outsiders.

As the eastern rim of the sky turned from black to dark blue Sophia looked over at Joshua and offered to take the watch alone. He gladly accepted and kissed her before going inside the stable to sleep. Sophia thought of what was underneath all that armor. She longed for a safer camp where they could be intimate. No time for that right now. She took out a small whetstone and sharpened her sword to keep her busy. After Joshua and Resolve, her sword was her most loved possession. A perfectly balanced longsword made from folded steel. Its only adornment was an engraving on the hilt, her name and that of Joshua in the ancient elven script.

When the first rays of the sun appeared over the treetops Sophia felt a wave of exhaustion hit her. She had been ready to fall asleep when they dismounted all those hours ago. She said a prayer for the sun as it slowly crept higher in the sky and went inside to wake Joshua. She carefully shook him and he stirred and smiled at her. She would never get tired of seeing that smile. Wordlessly stood up, gave her a kiss and went out to watch while she slept. Sophia had barely hit the bedroll before she was asleep.

She woke up a few hours later. It was still before noon, but they would need all the daylight they could get to investigate the site of the attack. Joshua went to search the abandoned farmhouse for breakfast but came back empty handed. They mounted up and trotted along the small path, this time watching for any sign of trouble. It was not hard to spot the clearing, her white saddlebag stood out like a flag in the dense forest. Shields in hand they had left Resolve and Faith unbound, ready for another escape at a moments notice. Sophia hoisted her saddlebag and fastened it. She quickly rummaged around and found two apples. She gave a low whistle for Joshua's attention and threw him one while biting down on the other.

Joshua called her over and they studied a large footprint. It was that of a cat, but much too large. "Mountain lion?" Joshua offered. "No, it was black. Also it attacked alone and unprovoked," she countered, "Surely there are no panthers here?" Laughing at the absurdity of being attacked by a jungle cat in this part of the land, they kept thinking but came up empty handed. "The tracks lead this way. You ready for a hunt?" Sophia said, already knowing the answer. Joshua nodded and fetched the horses while Sophia started following the paw prints deeper into the forest. It was not hard to track, crushed plants and ripped twigs clearly told where it had went. A muddy stream confirmed they were heading in the right direction as the massive prints were hard to miss.

"Worst case?" said Sophia, wanting to know if Joshua had thought of anything she hadn't. "Some disgusting Axomancer magic," Joshua replied. She weighed the possibility. A smaller cult had been uncovered and crushed by her brethren not far from here only a month ago. "I agree," she said. Doing all sort of unnatural magic, Axomancers were the sworn enemies of the Justicars. Their magic worked to disrupt the Balance in the world, breaking the natural cycles and corrupting the land itself. Doing that kind of magic gave them great power, but at a terrible cost. No known Axomancer was allowed to live.

Walking as quietly as was possible in their heavy armor they proceeded further south. The sun had passed noon by now and the trail was getting cold. They rested for a little while, eating some dried meats and fruits while their horses grazed. Their stomachs no longer aching with hunger, they resumed their hunt. As they stalked the beast deeper, the forest became denser and their pace was slowed.

"Halt!" an unknown voice cried out. Sophia and Joshua stopped dead, immeadiately readying for battle. Shields together, they scanned the forest for the source of the voice, not knowing if it was friend or foe. "Show yourself!" Joshua called out to whoever was listening. A slender elf-lady stepped out from behind a tree, bow at the ready, arrow nocked but not drawn. "Justicars, you enter lands under the protection of the Woodlanders. Turn around now and leave as friends." said the elf. She was tall and lightly armored in green and browns. In her belt she had two ornate daggers. "We are tracking an abomination that attacked us, we mean no harm to you," Sophia said to the elf. "What abomination do you speak of, Justicars," the elf demanded, "We keep watch here and have seen no such thing." "A great creature came upon us last night. We intend to destroy it before it can attack travelers who are less able to defend themselves," Joshua said. The elven scout looked puzzled and said "Show me its tracks. If you speak true we will hunt it together." The elf relaxed her stance and removed the arrow from her bowstring, putting it back in her quiver. They reciprocated, lowering their shields. 

It did not take long before they found a paw print in a muddy bank. The elf examined it carefully. "This creature does not belong in these lands. In the endeavour to destroy it we will be allies," said the elf solemnly. She extended a hand in greeting and said "I am Lindil of the Woodlanders." They introduced themselves, thankful for their new friend. None knew the woods or the beasts that lived there better than the Woodlander Sisters. When she knew what to look for Lindil could follow the track much faster than Sophia and Joshua had been able to, and with daylight quickly running out this was good. Lindil moved completely silently, examining the ground closely. One hand clutched her bow, the other feeling trees and flowers as she followed the trail. The two Justicars struggled a bit to keep up, their heavy armor was more suited to horseback on a road than this dense forest.

Lindil raised a hand and the party came to a halt next to a big boulder. "I think we are close," she whispered and motioned for them to stay. Lindil sneaked over to a pair of trees and peered at whatever lay beyond them. She came back and said softly "A cave. I smell something foul inside." Sophia didn't want to know what else she smelled, as neither she or Joshua had bathed for days.

As the sun set, they had lit torches and were ready to go. Sophia and Joshua meditated together for a brief moment, tuning themselves to each other. Lindil was eager and fingered the arrows in her quiver, readying herself for what was to come. Giving a final prayer aloud, Sophia picked up a torch in her sword hand, shield ready in the other and walked towards the cave entrance. She had Joshua just beside her to her left, and Lindil was a handful of steps behind, not carrying a torch but her bow at the ready, an arrow nocked. The cave was narrow, two people could not comfortably walk side by side. It smelled horribly. Steeling themselves, they carried on ever inward. 

The cave widened and suddenly they heard a deep, guttural roar from the darkness and Sophia crouched behind her shield. Her torch did not provide much light and her eyes strained against the pitch blackness. Lindil whispered "There!" and let her arrow fly, quickly nocking and drawing another. Now they all saw it. It was shaped like a cat. But it was no normal cat. Wounds that would have killed any living being were scattered all over its body. Its fur was tattered and it seemed to ooze of the very corruption that kept it alive. Clearly the work of a skilled Axomancer. That would have to wait until after the battle at hand. 

Sophia threw her torch aside and drew her sword. She gave a cry and heard Joshua do the same as they advanced on the undead beast. Eyes firmly fixed on their prize, the Justicars took a defensive formation and circled the beast. She relished in the adrenaline that flowed through her, this was her element. Lindil had already pierced it with half a dozen arrows but it seemed not to notice them. A great paw came down on Joshua's shield and he took a step backwards but was still standing. Sophia had retaliated instantly, her steel singing as she heaved at the outstretched limb, calling upon the Sun to aid her against this mighty darkness. She hit it with a force that would have decapitated an ox. A flash of light erupted from where she hit it. The fiend roared and fell back, clearly hurt by it.

As they resumed their defensive position they noticed it had a distinct limp from where Sophia had hit it. Lindil hit an arrow in one of its eyesockets and the beast gave a deafening roar. It turned and went for Lindil, who was defenseless, about ten paces away. Sophia saw what was about to happened and dropped her sword and threw herself shield-first into the side of the beast. Joshua was there as soon as the beast toppled over, thrusting at its throat. Sensing victory, she quickly stepped over to her sword and picked it up. 

Having taken her eyes of the battle for a split second, she heard a scream. She knew the voice belonged to Joshua, but had never heard him scream like that. As she turned around she saw the beast kick hard into Joshuas stomach with its hind leg. She needed to help him. Joshua flew back several paces and did not stir right away. A pain went over her. She couldn't lose him now. She placed herself between the cat and her beloved Joshua. She called out for him but he did not reply. Lindil was out of arrows, their foe looking like an undead pin-cushion. She drew her daggers and stepped closer, clearly scared of the fangs and claws. Sophia was not scared. Fear led to indecision, indecision to defeat. Fear was not in a Justicar's mind. Her heavy shield protected her. As long as she fought, she would win. 

Uttering the holy words of her Order, Sophia called upon the Sun to empower her. Her sword felt light in her hand as the power spread through her body. Her very body glowed with sunlight. The beast struck again, going in for a bite with its massive maw. She raised her shield, bracing. The beast sunk its teeth into the top of her shield. Her shield was tough, but not tough enough for this and it broke apart. She shook the splinters from her left arm and quickly assessed the situation. Joshua's sword was lying a couple paces to her right. She took a few steps towards it, the fiend circling the opposite direction. She quickly picked it up, not giving the beast any opportunity to attack. Wielding one sword in each hand, both of them blessed with holy oils and sharp as razors her confidence soared.

Suddenly, Lindil gave a shout and threw a dagger as the cat reared up in pain. It was aimed right where its heart would have been. As the dagger penetrated the rotten hide, it started glowing red hot. Sophia looked over her shoulder and saw Lindil channeling some kind of incantation. This was the opening she needed as the cat was pawing furiously at the dagger, while it sizzled away at its stomach. With all her remaining force, Sophia lunged a sword deep into the brain of the dark abomination and it finally went slack on the floor. She was not about to take any chances. With a handful well aimed blows from her second sword she had cleaved its head from the carcass.

"Joshua!" she called out, running over to his limp body. She turned him over. A big red bloodstain had appeared on his white tunic. It took whatever mental strength she had left not to panic. She had training in healing. She would fix him. She had to. Lindil appeared by her side, frowning at the sight. She quickly undid the clasps and pulled his torn mail coat up so she could see the wound. The panic lessened slightly when she saw it was not deep. Moving to his head, she gently removed his helmet, knowing the dangers of a headwound. Suddenly he stirred beneath her and coughed. As relief hit her, waves of emotions that she had kept at the back of her mind came over her and she started crying.

Joshua hoisted himself onto his elbows and surveyed the aftermath of the battle. "You killed it," he stated. She knew he would want to hear everything about the battle, but all that would have to wait until his wounds were cared for. Tearing strips from his white tunic she bandaged his head and stomach. That would do until they were out of this sun-forsaken cave. She was tired from the magic she had performed earlier, but knew her duties were not over yet. "Can you walk?" asked Lindil, clearly eager to get back to the forest outside. Supported by Sophia, Joshua got to his feet and staggered along the cave tunnel. He was in pain, Sophia did not need to ask to know.

Outside, they made camp behind the boulder where they had tied the horses. Lindil quickly got a fire going, keeping the darkness at bay. Sophia fetched some clean linen and a small bottle of burnt wine from a saddlebag and sat down next to Joshua who was leaning against the rock. He grimaced in pain. Sophia cleaned the wounds carefully. There was no telling what poisons and diseases he could have been exposed to. Joshua's deepest wound was low on his stomach, about a centimeter deep and ten centimeters long. The claw had gone straight through his thick mail hauberk. She grabbed a needle and thread and stitched the wound. Joshua was still in pain, but seemed a bit clearer after the procedure was over. "Thank you," he whispered. Sophia just smiled back.

The night passed slowly as Sophia and Lindil shared the watch duties while Joshua slept. In the morning they shared a meal and discussed the next step. Joshua was still very weak, he could barely sit up. Yet they knew the cat-fiend was a symptom of a deeper cause. Axomancers, and powerful ones at that. Sophia hated necromagic with every fiber of her being. It was an affront to the natural cycle of life and death. None who practiced it were allowed to live while she still drew breath. But her first priority right now was getting Joshua back in fighting shape. She had barely made it out the cave alive, how was she to tackle its creator alone?










































/*

"I don't feel very well," Joshua said. "Can you feel your legs?" Lindil asked. "No," said Joshua, trepidation in his voice. "We need to move fast," Lindil said quickly. "You need to carry him," she commanded Sophia. She took Joshua in her arms and lifted. She was tired and he was heavy but she was not about to leave him behind. Joshua was growing worse by the minute, clearly affected by some venom. They finally made it to the mouth of the cave. Lindil ran and fetched the horses.

Sophia put Joshua down by a rock and kissed him. He was barely conscious but managed a muffled "I love you." Sophia had almost reached the end of her abilities carrying him in the dark uneven cave. She wanted to cast a healing spell, but none came to her. Lindil appeared with their horses. With a final effort, Sophia heaved Joshua over the back of Resolve and sat up behind him. Lindil mounted Faith and set of at a very high pace. Lindil had explained in the tunnel. She was taking them to the Woodlander sanctuary. They would need the healing powers of the sisters there. Necropoisons were quick-working and time was short. Lindil sat atop Faith, seemingly guiding the horse through the forest. Resolve followed with his heavy load of two fully armored Justicars.

Approaching the gates of the Woodlander sanctuary, Sophia could not be sure she was not dreaming. It was a clearing surrounded by great trees, but the trees had doors and windows. She had never seen anything like it. As they entered, a dozen or so elves were standing around. Commotion quickly started, as Lindil tried to explain the situation. Sophia dismounted, but quickly realised she had several drawn bows aimed at her. She pleaded, "Please help him. We mean you no harm." This did not help. A older elf woman came out from a tree-hut, clearly some kind of leader. Lindil shouted to her in a language Sophia did not understand. The old elf hurried down, took one look at Joshua and started shouting orders. Instantly the mood changed, the bows were lowered and four elves carefully carried Joshua inside. Sophia could only follow. 

Inside the tree all furniture seemed hewed from nature itself. Joshua was laid in a bed and the old woman started brushing an ointment on his wounds as she chanted. Sophia did not know what kind of magic this was or who this woman was. Lindil approached her, "This will take some time. There is nothing you can do. Come lay down." Sophia did not want to, but was too weak to resist. Seeing her beloved Joshua lying unconscious pained her deeply. She was ushered to a bed in an adjoining room and fell into an uneasy sleep.

Sophia woke up suddenly. Someone had taken her armor off while she slept. Dressed only in a light gown, she sat up in the bed. Every joint in her body ached. She did not know what time it was, or how long she had slept. Her thoughts went to Joshua. She got out of the bed and limped past her armor, neatly piled at the foot of the bed. Entering the room, a pale blue light was emanating from the bed. An elf, dressed in bright white stood leaned over Joshua. As Sophia approached, she recognised the water magic this healer was performing. The blue glow seemed to emanate from the hands of the elf as she stood, eyes closed and almost inaudibly muttering a very complicated incantation. Sophia sat down on a chair, knowing better than to interupt her. 

After what could have been five minutes or five hours, Sophia could not tell, Lindil entered. "She is the best healer i know. Joshua is in safe hands," Lindil whispered and put a hand on Sophia's shoulder. Sophia had never felt this helpless. Lindil tried to comfort her, "We have sent a squadron to the cave. They will bring back his shield and sword." His shield and sword. She had not even thought of that, but they had of course been left behind. Sophia wanted to cry, but forced herself to meditate instead. Sophia tried to find Joshua's mind inside her own. Despite not finding it she persevered, sitting by his bedside in a trance. She only had a passing awareness of what was going on around her as her mind was fully focused on Joshua. Healers came and went, an elf delivered Joshua's sword and shield from the cave, day turned to night again. 

Then suddenly, she found it. Crying out from far beyond, his weak mind had been searching for hers ever since the poison took him. This magic was not widely known, only Justicars were close enough to achieve the connection. In their minds they embraced, imagining themselves in a happier place. They imagined kids and a farm where they would grow old together. In their mind, everything was normal. Sophia felt peace for the first time since the beast had attacked them.

Sustained by love and secret elven woodland magic, Joshua slowly recovered. They stayed at the elven copse for many days. Sophia had learnt from the healers that the poison had been very close to taking the love of her life away from her. She felt an incredible thankfulness to the elves for saving him, and did not know how to repay them. Sophia and Lindil had spent many hours talking and she had learned much about the Woodlanders. She had mended both hers and Joshua's armor.

One night she was awoken by Lindil who hurried her out of her bed. "What is it?" she asked anxiously, her mind racing to Joshua who was still ill. "We thinka a patrol found the Axomancers lair. To arms, Sophia!" She felt a rush of fervor, and quickly donned her battlegear. An elven fletcher had even made her a new shield, her old one lying shattered in the cave. As she clasped her belt around her waist she thought of Joshua. This would be the first time she did not have him by his side in a fight. The thought worried her a little, but she wanted this Axomancer dead more than anything.

A dozen strong, the squad set out from the elven dwelling. Sophia felt like she made more noise than all the Sisters combined. After an hours march they arrived at a small farm house. Sophia instantly recognised it as where she and Joshua had taken cover before. Axomancers here? Why had she not felt their presence? Uttering a small prayer before they broke cover, she approached with the Sisters.

It turned out to be a rather quick affair. The lone axomancer was sleeping and his throat was cut before he knew what was happening. Going through his lair in the cellar they purged all the unholy relics they found. This was clearly the Axomancer responsible for the cat-beast, as the remains of several cats were found, as well as horrific tomes on necromancy. A bonfire took care of the body and the books. As the smoke rose to the starry sky she felt justice.

Back at the sanctuary she was greeted by Joshua, as strong as ever. She did not know how, but was beside herself with happiness. The elven leader explained that the poison was bound to the Axomancers ill will. When he died, the poison had dissipated. This was unknown magic to Sophia but that did not matter. She had her Joshua back. That night they made love.